- Mr. Brown cut down--
[yelling]--
Grandpa Vinny's--
- [coughing]
--weed stash.
- What the beep!
- CORA: Mr. Brown, what's
wrong with you?
- He definitely has
a contact high.
- Hey, girl.
Yah!
- Why did you do that?
- Because you shouldn't have
gotten in the car with him.
- Whatever?
- It's got me!
It's taking me away!
I got the munchies.
- You've been smoking!
- Who is this disgusting
peasant?
- I'm not grounded.
- Yes, you are.
- I'm going out again.
- What did he do?
- Just cut the grass.
- He cut my grass?
- Ahh!
- Where you going, Grandpa?
- He cut my grass!
- I am--
- I'm gonna cut his ass!
- --Sparta!
- Grandpa!
- ♪
- Mr. Brown?
- [coughs]
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, Cora.
I need some water.
- Okay, I'm gonna get you
some water.
- I need some water, Cora.
- You had about two gallons.
- All that narcotic done
made me thirsty.
- Yeah, man, you probably
shouldn't have done that.
- Well, I didn't know.
I didn't know.
- I know.
- CORA: Here you go.
- How was I supposed to know?
- Y'all don't know what
weed look like?
- We are holy people.
- And I don't--I ain't
the Lord.
I don't know all the--the plants
of the Bible.
- Well, even Jesus turned
water into wine.
- CORA: Mm.
- Oh, you playing
with the Bible?
- No.
- You better not be playing
with the Bible.
- Okay.
- That old ratchet grandpa
of his, Cora, got me
strung out on them narcotic,
Cora.
- Baby, what he doing now?
- MR. BROWN: [whispers]
Cora?
Cora, I feel high.
- Oh, baby, he out here
walking in circles.
- Is--is that a good thing?
- Nah, that mean he mad
as hell.
- Nobody care if he mad.
Let him scratch his butt
and get glad.
- Mr. Brown, don't do that.
- Cora, what if the Lord had
came and I was high?
I would have went to hell.
- But--but you--but you didn't
go, Mr. Brown.
- I know it, Cora.
- And you think getting
a contact high's
gonna send you to hell?
[whispers] You might wanna
read your Bible.
- You playing with
the Bible again?
You playing with the Bible?
You think something funny?
- No.
- Don't talk about what
you don't know about,
'cause if you talk about it,
you better be about it.
'Cause you 'bout to get
knocked upside the neck.
- Yep, I'm sorry, Mr. Brown.
- You 'bout to get neck knocked.
- I'm--
- CORA: Mr. Brown--
- Neck knocked paddy-whack
knock, knock, knock.
- Mr. Brown, calm down.
- Nah, Cora.
- Ooh.
- I don't like nobody
talking about my God.
'Cause he's been good to me.
- Yes, he has, Mr. Brown.
- He been better to me--
- Yep.
- --than I've been to myself.
- Yes, he has.
- So good.
- Mm, mm, mm.
- My Lord.
- Is he good to you?
- Yes, he been good.
- Yes.
- He ain't good to you.
And I love him.
I love him!
Say, "I love him."
- I love him.
- Say, "I love him."
- We loved him.
- You loved him?
Y'all all going to hell.
Cora, me and you,
take us to heaven, Lord.
Beam us up, Lord.
- [laughs]
Mr. Brown.
- That's them "de-siduals"
from me being high.
- ♪
♪ No matter what you do
I love you ♪
♪ No matter where you go,
I'm behind you for sure ♪
♪ Always remember, blood
ain't never water ♪
♪ We'll make it
if we stay together ♪♪
- Cora, tell 'em.
- Um, Mr. Brown don't like
nobody talking about his God.
- Okay, and neither
do we.
- Well, why you do it?
- Look, I'm sorry, Mr. Brown,
I was just making a joke.
- Oh, oh, you think the Lord
a joke?
- I mean, I think the Lord
got a great sense of humor.
- So, how you know that?
- I mean...
look at ya.
- Oh, look at me?
What--what you trying to say?
- Eee--
- Uh, you mean what?
Say what you mean, but you
better mean what you say.
- I'm just saying you seem
like a happy man
that's full of joy, you know,
so...
God must love you.
- Oh, jive sucker trying
to fix it, Cora.
- I think he fixed it.
- Nah, he ain't fixed it.
- Go sit down.
- Cora.
They have me strung all out
on drugs.
Cora--
- But you better now.
- Cora, when I was high,
did I steal anything?
- No, you didn't.
- Cora, I didn't break in
no stores?
- No.
- Cora, I wasn't trying to
"tostiprute"--pros--
prostitute myself?
- No. What?
- Cora, you're sure I did--
did I--did I lie?
- You didn't lie.
- I c--did I cuss, Cora?
- LEAH: Mm.
- You--yeah, you--
you beeped a lot.
- I was cussing?
- Yep, you--
- Cora, I cussed?
What I say?
- You was like--
- Beep!
- No--
- Beep, beep.
- I kick--
- Beep.
- You was doing a lot of that.
- I cussed?
- CORA AND LEAH: Yes.
- I'm going to hell.
- Beep.
- I'm strung out on drugs.
- But you--but you better now.
Now, you better.
- Embarrassing myself.
I--Cora, I'm sprung.
- Baby, he embarrassed
about the weed?
- Sssh.
- I mean, look at his clothes.
- Jeremy, don't do that
now, boy.
- Hey, you know one of the
side effects of being high
is you can hear better.
- Huh?
- Yes! I can hear y'all.
You hear that? You hear that?
There's a roach running
behind this chair.
- Whoa!
- I can hear it.
- Mr. Brown.
- I got X-ray hearing, Cora.
- Mr.--
- Sssh.
It's a rat in there pissing
on cotton in the kitchen.
Y'all don't hear that?
- Would you--
- Keep on messing with me,
I'll go upside your ear.
- Is that God-like?
- Oh!
The Lord said an ear for an ear.
- He don't know his Bible.
- It's an eye for an eye,
Mr. Brown.
- Whatever it is, Cora.
I need some more water, Cora.
- Okay.
- Get your daddy some more
water.
- Alright.
- Or your used-to-be daddy.
- Okay.
- I'm not your real daddy
no more.
- Come on now.
Mr. Brown, that's a lot
of water.
- I need a lot of water.
I'm a lot of man.
- You need--you need--
- Yeah, Cora, get me
some wet water.
- That water is wet.
- No, this is dry water, Cora.
I need wet water.
- Okay, well, let--
- I can't believe this,
Cora, get me some more water.
- Okay, I will. I'm going.
- And don't question
my mouth needs.
- CORA: I'm going, I'm going!
- Bring me a diet water.
- He's been out there
for a while.
You think I should go
check on him?
- No, no, baby, let him
stay out there.
He'll come in when he's ready.
- Yeah, baby,
but it's getting late.
- Yeah, but he had a long day,
so let him have his space.
- What he need is some space
in prisoner,
that's what he need.
- What?
- I'm not doing
that thing today.
- Do y'all--is it itchy
to y'all?
- No.
- It's that vest.
- Sssh. You hear that?
You hear that?
It's a centipede on top
of the table running.
- Stop playing, Mr. Brown!
- I'm not playing.
- Jeremy, get it.
- It's--
- They all in the walls.
- He's still high, baby.
Stop jumping--
- I'm not high.
- --it's alright.
- Do I still look high?
Do I have high eyes?
- ♪
- You wanna play--
- Why are you talking to me?
- How long are you gonna
be mad at me?
- As long as I want to, jerk.
- Well, uh...
you're gonna have to get
over it at some point.
- Well, well, this is not
that point yet.
- Okay then.
- And why aren't you asleep?
- Because it's not that late.
- Well, go to sleep.
- Why aren't you asleep?
- Well, I--
- [phone vibrates]
- Philip?
- What?
- I have to go to the bathroom.
- Okay, then go.
- Turn your head.
- [scoffs] What? You shy?
- I'm a girl.
- The bathroom is down
the hallway.
And we're in the bedroom.
- I said turn your head.
- Okay, fine.
- Don't peek.
- Why would I peek?
- Okay.
- Oh, oh, he coming in.
He coming in.
- Ooh, we need to hide.
Ooh.
- For what?
- Oooh.
- Here you go, Mr. Brown.
- I ain't hiding from
nobody.
- Who hiding?
- They talking about Vinny.
If he come in here messin' with
me, we gon' have problems.
- Hey, Grandpa!
How you doing?
- Hey!
- Don't be scared of him.
Ain't nobody scared of him.
- Hey.
- What is that?
- That is your bill.
- My bill?
- Yes.
You owe me $47,000.
- CORA AND MR. BROWN:
$47,000!
- Pay it together,
don't matter to me.
- You better get out
of my face.
- You know what? And if
you don't pay it--
- What you gon' do?
- You're gon' die!
- Well, you better get to
killing!
- Whoo! That was my--
- Illegal!
- --weed.
- And you was illegal.
- You had no business
touching it.
- You better be glad I didn't
call the police.
- No, no, no, he 5-0. 5-0.
- Hold me.
- You was 5-0.
- Hold me, Cora!
- No, let him go, Cora.
Let him go!
- Hold me, Cora.
- Let him go!
- Hold me. don't--
- You was a snitch.
- Well, let me go.
- No, Cora, don't let me go.
- Only a snitch would dress
like that, man.
I knew it!
- And you 'bout to be
a "frugitive" from the law.
Only a criminal would dress
like that.
- Oh...my...goodness.
You know, I can feel you
watching me
when I'm walking around
this house.
- What is he talking about?
- Yes, man,
I feel them
little beady eyes
when I'm in the shower naked.
- JEREMY: Grandpa!
- You watch me--no, no, no.
He was watching me.
- Wasn't nobody watching you.
Your body look like
a wet eel.
- I knew it!
You saw it!
- Ain't nobody saw it!
- You saw it!
You saw my naked body.
- Y'all need to have him
committed.
- I need to be committed?
You need to be committed.
You're committed to what is
wrong with this country.
Trump was right.
- I'm about to give you
these hands.
- Okay, alright--
- About to give you these hands.
- VINNY: No, no, no.
- Stop it.
- You don't tell me to stop it
-- .
- Look, I'm not having it.
- You're not having it?
He's not having it.
You're gonna give me
a hard time.
What you need to be worried
about is that
little fast daughter of yours.
- What?
- Yes-s-s-s.
- Grandpa Vinny, what are you
talking about?
- I'm talking about she snuck
out here with that boy.
- What?
- Well, technically,
he a man.
- Mr. Brown!
- He's right.
- Grandpa Vinny, I--ssh. Hey!
- He--
- ♪
- Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Wait, what did you say?
- You heard me.
- Did she leave here?
- Why?
- Did you stop her? Did you
try to stop her, Grandpa?
- Why would I try to stop
her when you didn't try
to stop this fool from cutting
down my medicine?
- Ah, shut up, that wasn't
no medicine.
- You shut up.
It was too medicine.
- Well, you come shut me up.
- I can shut you up.
- You can get these hands.
- You can get these feet.
- Whatever.
- I'll bite you.
- Bite these nuts.
- I don't fight fair.
- Okay, alright.
Where--where did she go, man?
- Hell if I know.
- Cora, I don't like him.
- Sssh.
- And I don't like you either.
- Well, if you wanna do
something about it--
- No, no, no!
Don't talk to me.
Do not talk to me.
You can talk to anybody else
in this house,
but do not.
- All you doing is--
- Tell him in a Christian way
not to talk to me.
- He say don't talk to him.
- Don't stop. Don't stop me,
Cora.
No, let me get over there,
Nah, don't stop me.
- Don't stop him.
- Nah, all you doing is this.
- Yes, yes, yes.
- I wanna do this.
- I wanna do this!
- All you wanna do. Ha-ha-ha!
- You know what, Brown?
- You could have--
I could have called the police
and you'll be a prisoner
right now.
- Nobody go to prison
for no weed.
- Yes, they do.
- Not in Colorado.
- Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Did she leave?
- That's what the hell
I've been telling you!
- Y'all right.
This boy is slow.
- Very slow.
- Baby.
Oooh.
- You outta be thanking me.
- Don't nobody--
- He gonna try be mad at me--
- Ain't nobody gotta--
- [indistinct arguing]
- I've had enough of you.
- Cora, get in between us.
- Get from in between us, Cora.
- No, Cora, don't move.
- Move, Miss Cora.
Please, move.
- I'll take my hand
put it in your chest and
rip your heart out.
- I don't have a heart!
- Ooh!
- You just evil.
- I am the devil.
- Cora, give him this.
- Ouch!
- Give it to him, Cora.
- You know what?
If there wasn't a Christian
standing between us,
we could fight.
- Well, let's do it then.
- Well, we could fight.
- You better be glad
she right there.
- Miss--Miss Cora,
what you doing?
- Cora?
- [indistinct chatter]
- Philip, baby?
Philip?
Come on, honey, wake up.
- Watch this.
- Huh?
- Where's your sister?
- She's in the bathroom.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
Well...
- JEREMY: Well what?
- She said she was going
to the bathroom.
- How long ago was that?
- I don't know,
I fell asleep.
- Okay.
- [deep breath]
I need you to think, son.
How long ago was it?
- I don't know.
What's happening?
- Well--
- She's not in there.
- Damn.
- What is wrong with
this little girl?
- She didn't get a phone call,
nothing?
- No.
- JEREMY: You sure?
- Yes.
- Well, she did get
a text message.
- How do you know that?
- 'Cause I have her phone
linked to mine.
- Wait, wait, wait.
Is mine linked too?
- No, uh, yours is linked
to mine.
And I've been meaning
to talk to you
about your
fascination with feet.
- What?
I mean...damn, son.
- No, that's an invasion
of privacy.
- You're right.
And I regret it.
- No, I was trying to
click on a video,
it's the cookies.
It's the cookies, Dad.
- Is that what
he thinks cookies is?
- It's a virus.
- Okay, so now you got
a STD.
- What?
No, it's a virus on my phone.
- Can we get back
to this little girl, please?
- Look, I had no idea.
- Well, she sent a text message.
- JEREMY: And?
- And he asked her if she
wanted to go for a ride.
- [sighs] Come on.
- Where we going?
- We gonna ride around
until we find her.
- Ugh, I cannot believe this.
- And when you come back,
we gotta talk about
this phone situation.
- Go to bed, feety.
- Dad!
That is--it was Grandpa!
He said he could help me get
stuff online for free!
- Was she in the room?
- Nope.
- Where could she go?
- Mm, well, her text said
that she riding around
with that little boy.
- CORA: Oh, Lord.
- Uh, well, technically,
he's a man.
- You know, he's right
about that.
- Eh, eh, eh, no, no, no, no.
- Okay, well, I'll go help
you look for her.
- Uh, I don't know if
that's a good idea.
- Why not?
- Somebody has to stay
with the child.
- Oh, right. Right.
- Thank you.
- Come on, baby.
We'll be back.
- Well, I'll walk you
to the door.
- LEAH: [sighs]
- [doorbell rings]
- You know I'm gonna kill you,
right?
- You kill me,
I'm gonna kill you back.
- You won't be able to kill me
back, you'll be dead.
- I'll wake up from the dead.
- When you wake up
and I'm seeing that you alive,
I'm gonna kill you again.
- You can't kill me
three times, though.
- Three strikes, you out.
- You'll stay in prison.
Whenever you feel like
you wanna do what you wanna do,
come over here and do what
you gonna do.
- I'm gonna make it
look like an accident.
- Well, you come on and do it if
you feel like you wanna do it.
- Yes, I got it all
figured out.
- Well, whenever you feel
froggy, jump.
- I'm gonna sneak in your
room and I'm gonna make it
look like you died
choking on a ham sandwich.
I know you like ham.
- Don't you be threatening
me with no ham.
- I'm sorry, but you know what?
I'm gonna come in your room
when you sleep.
And I'm gonna shank you
with a carrot!
- I'll have you to know, I have
a shank-proof blanket.
- And I have you to know
while you sleep,
I'm gon' lift it up,
and shank you with the carrot.
- Well, bring it.
- Uh, I'll bring it.
I'll bring it.
- Bring it.
- Yeah, and you know what?
I've been to jail.
- What? [scoffs] That is all?
I've been to hell and back.
I dated Mabel "Madea" Simmons.
- [scoffs] So did I.
- Well, I had her
in a choke hold,
and I made her tap out.
That's what I did.
I choke her out.
- Uh, that's good, but when
I was with her,
she choked herself.
- Oh, she choke--she choked
herself?
- Yeah, she--she said I was
choking her wrong,
so she said, "Let me do it.
Move your hand.
"Let me choke myself.
Ooh, Vinny!
That's enough!
Stop it!"
I'm like, she was
choking herself.
"Help! Choking myself!"
- Well, you win then.
I ain't into that kind
of stuff.
- I know, I know. I know.
You know what? I'm really
mad because you went
into my weed bag, man.
- I didn't go in no weed bag.
I thought that was just
a bunch of weeds out there,
so I mowed 'em down.
- Mowed 'em down?
You didn't see the big sign
in the backyard
that says, "Please don't
cut down Vinny's weed"?
Big-ass sign.
- I thought that was
for old people.
- Well, you old people.
- You lie. You a old people.
- That might be right, but
we trying to get
some old people in here.
- I know that.
- And we would've had some
if you hadn't cut down
our weed!
- Weed is illegal anyway.
- Not in Colorado.
- We in Georgia!
- Keep thinking that.
- What?
- Don't you know?!
You may not know
that old people like
a lot of sex,
and they like a lot of weed.
- What are you talking about?
- I'm telling you, most of
the cases of STD
is in old folks' homes.
- Man, that ain't true.
- That is true!
Look it up!
Stop it! Stop it!
- I ain't never had no GED.
- It's STD.
- ST--what that stand for?
Stuck To the Booty?
- Stuck to the Booty.
- Does it make you clap?
- Mm-hmm, it make you
burn, too.
- Bugs be pinching
on you like that?
- Mm-hmm. Yeah.
- Maybe I did.
Y'all, you just nasty.
- No, we not nasty.
Let me break it down
for you.
See, when you're young,
you have a lot of problems,
and you have to deal
with a lot of stuff.
But when you get older,
you just don't care.
So you do it.
You do it. You do it.
Smack. Smack. Smack.
Hit it. Hit it.
Hit the honey, oh mm.
Put your fist in it
and you punch it, punch it,
punch it.
Use two fists.
- MR. BROWN: Wait--
- Mm, mm, mm, mm.
- Get in that booty. Bam!
And you get that booty!
Bah!
- You'll just sleep with
anything, wouldn't you?
- Well, if the price
is right I will.
- ♪
- Well, you can have that.
- Well, yo know, I done
that, you just come in here
and mess up everything.
You go into the backyard and
cut down people's weed?
- Okay, look, I tell
you what I'm gonna do.
- Okay.
- What I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna go out,
and I'm gonna "saclute"
people...
to come in and they can stay.
- Okay, you're gon' "saclute"
'em, I like that, I like that.
- They'll come in and we
can get them in here,
and they'll come move in.
- Can you get "saclute"
black and white, all races,
don't just
"saclute" black people.
- Alright. And then we'll get
'em in here.
- Mm-hmm.
- And we'll make a profit.
- Okay, now listen
to this.
If you don't "seclute"
people to be in here--
- Mm-hmm.
- --then we get to take it
out of your profit.
- Dummy, if we don't get no
people in here,
ain't gonna be no profit.
- True that. True that.
True that.
- Right.
I'll tell you what, though.
- Mm-hmm.
- If they can't find
their girl,
we could probably use that
insurance money
to pay it--
- I like that a lot, man.
- Then we could "resaclute"
a whole bunch of people.
- That's right. Look like she is
in a lot of trouble.
- Yeah.
- [laughs]
- Well--
- I'm gonna go to my room.
- Okay.
Uh, right, uh...
Hey! I think--
- No no, my room is over that
way.
- Alright, then.
- Alright, yeah.
- No, nah--
- No, we ain't--
we ain't there.
- We don't do that.
- VINNY: I don't think
we'll ever be there.
- ♪